.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Local Development
To develop for the project, you'll want to follow these steps:
1. Have [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) installed (>= 12.x) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
1. Clone the repository
1. Run `yarn install`

### NPM Scripts
The [website](https://www.analogstudios.net/) is currently built by [**Greenwood**](https://www.greenwoodjs.io).  In addition to unit tests, you will want to verify any changes by running the website locally.

Below are the development tasks available for working on this project:
- `yarn develop` - Develop for the website locally using the dev server at `localhost:1984` in your browser.
- `yarn build` - Builds the website for production.
- `yarn serve` - Builds the website for production and runs it on a local webserver at `localhost:8000`
- `yarn test:tdd` - Run unit tests in watch mode

## Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best!  To best help facililate contributions to the project, here are some requests:
- We generally prefer an issue be opened first, to help faciliate general discussion outside of the code review process itself and align on the ask and any expections.  However, for typos in docs and minor "chore" like tasks a PR is usually sufficient.  When in doubt, open an issue.
- For bugs, please consider reviewing the issue tracker first.
- For branching, we generally follow the convention `<issue-label>/issue-<number>-<issue-title>`, e.g. _bug/issue-12-fixed-bug-with-yada-yada-yada_
- To test the CI build scripts locally, run the `yarn` commands referenced above.

### Continuous Integration
This projet makes active use of testing tools like [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) and [Netlify deploy previews](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/07/20/introducing-deploy-previews-in-netlify/) as part of the workflow.  Each time a PR is opened, a sequence of build steps defined _.github/workflows/ci.yml_ are run:
1. Linting: `yarn lint`
1. Running unit tests: `yarn test`
1. Building the Greenwood website:  `yarn build`

A preview is also made available within the status checks section of the PR in GitHub and can be used to validate work in a live environment before having to merge.

Commit message:

improve setup docs for nodejs min version and support nvm (#58)
* Fixes to #57 pull request.
Updating on .nvmrc file to be considered.
- Referencing https://github.com/AnalogStudiosRI/www.analogstudios.net/pull/57

- Files are recovered and reverted.
- The package.json is reverted and engines in package is updated to ` "node": ">=14.17.0"`.
- New file is added:`.nvmrc`
- README.md is updated with command to run `nvm use` under "Setup" and reference to Node Version Manager as installed to run.

* removing on readme if to set it .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Co-authored-by: Owen Buckley <owenbuckley13@gmail.com>

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Local Development

To develop for the project, you'll want to follow these steps:

1. Have [NodeJS LTS](https://nodejs.org) installed (>= 12.x) and [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
1. Clone the repository
1. Run `yarn install`

If developing with Node Version Manager:

- Windows: [NVM for Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows/releases)
- Linux/MacOS: [Node Version Manager](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

You can confirm by running the following

```sh
$ nvm use
Found '/Users/<directory_location>/www.analogstudios.net/.nvmrc' with version <14.17.0>
Now using node v14.17.0 (npm v6.14.13)
```

### NPM Scripts

The [website](https://www.analogstudios.net/) is currently built by [**Greenwood**](https://www.greenwoodjs.io). In addition to unit tests, you will want to verify any changes by running the website locally.

Below are the development tasks available for working on this project:

- `yarn develop` - Develop for the website locally using the dev server at `localhost:1984` in your browser.
- `yarn build` - Builds the website for production.
- `yarn serve` - Builds the website for production and runs it on a local webserver at `localhost:8000`
- `yarn test:tdd` - Run unit tests in watch mode

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best! To best help facililate contributions to the project, here are some requests:

- We generally prefer an issue be opened first, to help faciliate general discussion outside of the code review process itself and align on the ask and any expections. However, for typos in docs and minor "chore" like tasks a PR is usually sufficient. When in doubt, open an issue.
- For bugs, please consider reviewing the issue tracker first.
- For branching, we generally follow the convention `<issue-label>/issue-<number>-<issue-title>`, e.g. _bug/issue-12-fixed-bug-with-yada-yada-yada_
- To test the CI build scripts locally, run the `yarn` commands referenced above.

### Continuous Integration

This projet makes active use of testing tools like [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) and [Netlify deploy previews](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/07/20/introducing-deploy-previews-in-netlify/) as part of the workflow. Each time a PR is opened, a sequence of build steps defined _.github/workflows/ci.yml_ are run:

1. Linting: `yarn lint`
1. Running unit tests: `yarn test`
1. Building the Greenwood website: `yarn build`

A preview is also made available within the status checks section of the PR in GitHub and can be used to validate work in a live environment before having to merge.
